fix: add more detail (#64)
berty/www.berty.tech: bertytech/content/blog/bluetooth-low-energy/index.md

![Back to the Future gif](rkbQMNjvI.gif)

> At that time we've done one month of research splitted in two team, one team testing peer-to-peer technologies, and a team experimenting low energy technologies, more precisly iOS multipeer-connectivity. Then the team agreed on implementing the following stack for our chat application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 At that time, we've done one month of research split in two teams, one team testing peer-to-peer technologies, and a team experimenting with low energy technologies, more precisely iOS multipeer-connectivity. Then the team agreed on implementing the following stack for our chat application:
```

> At that time, after about a month of research split in two team, one team testing Peer-to-Peer networking technologies, and another one experimenting with direct transport technologies - more precisely Apple MultipeerConnectivity - we agreed on implementing the following stack for our chat application:

Reviewer: At that time, after about a month of research split in two teams, one team testing Peer-to-Peer networking technologies, and another one experimenting with direct transport technologies - more precisely Apple MultipeerConnectivity - we agreed on implementing the following stack for our chat application:
